Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to recap a 2010 Korean
Thriller movie called I Saw the Devil.
A young lady who is the daughter of an ex-chief
of police is murdered in a particularly gruesome
fashion by a serial killer.
Unknown to that serial killer, that lady was
recently engaged to a Korean secret agent.
Can he escape his wrath?
The story starts with Joo-yeon, talking to
her fiance on the phone.
Her fiance is Soo-hyun, an agent for the National
Intelligence Service.
He is so busy with his job that he can’t
be with her on her birthday that day.
She is stranded at the side of the road because
her car has broken down in the snow.
Soo-hyun tells her to lock herself in the
car until the tow truck comes.
She is approached by a suspicious stranger
parked nearby, asking if she needs help.
She follows Soo-hyun’s instructions and
declines the stranger's offer.
After a while, she notices that the stranger's
car hasn’t moved away.
Suddenly, the stranger busts the car’s window
with a hammer and attacks her, making her
unconscious.
In the stranger’s hideout, she is tortured
quite brutally.
She begs him to spare her life because she
is pregnant.
But he kills her anyway.
Her engagement ring falls into the drainage
when the killer dismembers her body.
A few days later, an ear is found in a plastic
bag by a group of kids playing near a river.
The police send a team to comb the scene and
find Joo-yeon’s head in the river.
Her father, who is an ex-chief of police,
is devastated by it.
Soo-hyun arrives at the scene and witnesses
his fiance's decapitated head.
At the funeral, they both can’t hold their
grief.
So-hyun regrets that he can’t be there for
her.
But behind his sadness, lies a fire of rage.
He decides to take the path of revenge.
He goes to his superior to take a leave of
absence from work.
One of his subordinates sneaks out a special
tool for him, a capsule tracker equipped with
GPS and a microphone.
Joo-yeon’s father gives him the investigation
file that the police have so far on the case.
They have 4 main suspects.
This time, he will take matters into his own
hands.
He tracks the first suspect and meets him
in his apartment.
He beats him to get a confession.
He confesses to killing another person, but
he is not the one Soo-hyun is looking for.
After handing him over to the police, he goes
to the second suspect.
Unfortunately, that person is not the one
he is looking for too.
He then goes back home, but he feels so frustrated
that he can’t even get some rest.
He decides to do more investigation to track
the third suspect.
Meanwhile, the serial killer is on the hunt
again.
He kidnaps another woman and kills her.
Soo-hyun goes to the third suspect’s family
to get more clues.
Even his family doesn’t know his whereabouts.
He abandoned his parents and left his son
with them.
After talking to the son, he finally discovers
the location of the third suspect’s hideout.
He searches the house and finds a bunch of
women's bags, undies, shoes, and other accessories
inside a locked cabinet.
He also discovers a room with bloodstains
on the floor.
After further inspection, he manages to find
Joo-yeon’s engagement ring inside the drainage.
At that moment he realizes that he found the
killer.
The killer's name is Kyung-chul, a driver
at a learning center.
The police also find out about his identity
and immediately rush there.
But it’s too late, he is already on the
way to delivering the students home.
The learning center tries to contact him,
but he ignores it.
At that moment he realizes that the police
already know his identity, so he decides to
have some fun with one of the schoolgirls.
He brings her home and sexually assaults her.
Just before he is about to devour her, he
hears someone calling his name.
He goes to check it out and finds a person
coming alone.
It is Soo-hyun, he manages to track him down.
Kyung-chul thinks that he is a policeman and
underestimates him because he comes unarmed
alone.
But unknown to him, he is no match for Soo-hyun,
a secret agent.
Soo-hyun easily takes him down and strangles
him until he is unconscious.
Soo-hyeon plans to do much more than simply
kill this psychopath.
He nearly beats him to death, before relenting
and shoving a GPS tracker down his throat,
allowing him to see Kyung-chul's location
in real-time and listen to his conversations.
After Kyung-chul regains consciousness, he
finds an envelope full of cash.
At first, Kyung-Chul remains oblivious that
Soo-hyeon does not want him dead, but instead
to suffer as much as humanly possible.
He then goes for a walk and meets a taxi driver
that offers him a ride.
There is already a passenger inside.
Upon getting in, and correctly guesses that
the driver and passenger are two bandits intending
to rob and murder him, he strikes out preemptively
and kills them both.
Afterward, he finds the body of the real taxi
driver in the trunk.
Kyung-chul throws out all three bodies.
He then drives to a nearby town to treat his
injuries at a clinic.
Feeling sexually frustrated because he fails
to devour his last victim, he sexually assaults
a nurse there.
Soo-hyun once again intervenes and tortures
Kyung-chul, slicing his Achilles tendon.
Despite the warnings and pleas of his murdered
fiance’s sister and father to stop what
he’s doing, Soo-hyun continues his bloody
quest for vengeance.
Once again, Kyung-Chul regains consciousness
and finds himself stranded in the middle of
nowhere but still alive.
Kyung-chul visits the home of his friend,
Tae-joo, who is a murderer and cannibal.
After explaining his situation to Tae-joo,
Kyung-chul consequently deduces Soo-hyun's
identity after recalling Joo-yun's engagement
ring, which Soo-hyun had put on before attacking
him previously.
He plans to stay there for a while but Soo-hyun
is already on the move.
Just before Tae-joo is about to slaughter
his victim to restock his human flesh supply,
Soo-hyun comes and incapacitates Tae-joo along
with his girlfriend, and beats Kyung-chul
senselessly.
The next day, Tae-joo and his girlfriend are
arrested by the police and sent to the hospital.
The police start to realize that Soo-hyun
has gone rogue.
Instead of bringing the suspect to the police,
he toys with him.
Soo-hyun's trusted subordinate arranges for
Soo-hyun and Kyung-chul to evade the police
and receive treatment for their wounds at
a separate facility.
The barely conscious Kyung-chul hears Soo-hyun
and the subordinate talking about the transmitter.
Soo-hyun releases Kyung-chul again, but this
time he begins to catch on to Soo-hyun’s
M O. He goes to a nearby pharmacy and slashes
the throat of a pharmacist while stealing
laxatives which he plans to use to remove
the transmitter.
While doing this, he talks to Soo-hyun via
the transmitter and promises him that he will
show him the real pain.
So-hyun rushes to the pharmacy location but
he is already too late.
The transmitter is still online and shows
Kyung-chul location.
But it turns out that Kyung-chul already uses
the laxatives to remove the transmitter then
plants it on a driver at a truck stop that
he viciously beats.
Now, he can’t track him anymore.
Kyung chul contacts the police, telling them
that he plans on turning himself in, so Soo-hyun
will be unable to touch him, but not before
he finishes some business.
Feeling lost, So-hyun enters Tae-joo's hospital
room to question him and learns too late that
Kyung-chul is going after Joo-yeon’s father.
Angered, he breaks Tae-joo's jaw.
Before Soo-hyun is able to catch on to
Kyung-chul’s plan and warn him, Kyung-chul
manages to get to him first and brutally attacks
him with a dumbbell.
Joo-yeon's sister arrives at the house, not
aware of the situation.
He then sexually assaults her and leaves her
for dead on the street.
Shortly after, Kyung-chul attempts to avoid
Soo-hyun's revenge by surrendering to the
police.
However, Soo-hyun drives by and wheels off
with Kyung-chul right in front of the police's
eyes.
Kyung-Chul awakens to find himself tied up
inside his home.
After being tortured and stabbed, Kyung-Chul
still appears empowered, telling Soo-hyun
that he’s lost.
He can’t feel any pain, no fear, nothing.
Soo-hyun places him under the makeshift guillotine.
Soo-hyun leaves Kyung-Chul, who now has a
rope tied from his mouth to the door, holding
the guillotine from beheading him.
While Soo-hyun leaves, an older man and woman,
and a small child exit a taxi and approach
the hideout.
Though he mocks Soo-hyun, Kyung-chul begins
to panic when he learns that his son and elderly
parents, whom he had abandoned some time ago,
have arrived and are trying to visit him.
As his family opens the door, the guillotine
is dropped and Kyung-chul's head rolls to
their feet.
With Kyung-chul finally dead, Soo-hyun, who
was listening through the transmitter some
distance away, emotionally breaks down and
begins crying in the street as he slowly walks
away.
He has fulfilled his promise to his fiance
and completed his bloody quest for vengeance.
But is it all worth the price he paid?
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like and
comment to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching, and see you, next
time.